Use allow/deny list in docs (#1699)
npm/cli: docs/content/configuring-npm/package-json.md

"os" : [ "darwin", "linux" ]
```

> You can also denylist instead of allowlist operating systems,
> just prepend the denylisted os with a '!':

Reviewer: I think this would need to be rephrased a little bit to make more sense, maybe:

```suggestion
You can also block instead of allowing operating systems,
just prepend the blocked os with a '!':
```

```json
"os" : [ "!win32" ]
```

The host operating system is determined by `process.platform`

> It is allowed to both denylist, and allowlist, although there isn't any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is allowed to both block and allow an item, although there isn't any
```

"cpu" : [ "x64", "ia32" ]
```

> Like the `os` option, you can also denylist architectures:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like the `os` option, you can also block architectures:
```
